= github_contribs

home :: https://github.com/seattlerb/github_contribs
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/github_contribs

== DESCRIPTION:

A simple commandline tool that downloads yearly contribution graphs
from github and assembles them into a unified view.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Helps visualize patterns across the years.
* See the effects of major life events (eg marriage, baby, depression).
* Uses GITHUB_TOKEN env var or ~/.config/gh/hosts.yml for authentication (generate via `gh auth login`).
* Caches all previous years (current year is always generated).
* Defaults to 10 years, but takes an optional year.

== SYNOPSIS:

  usage: github_contribs <username> [year]

  % github_contribs zenspider
  % open zenspider.html

== REQUIREMENTS:

* nokogiri

== INSTALL:

* [sudo] gem install github_contribs

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
